# Simon Says Game

Welcome to the Simon Says Game repository! This simple and fun game is a digital adaptation of the classic memory game "Simon Says." Test your memory and pattern recognition skills by following the sequences generated by Simon. Are you up for the challenge?

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [How to Play](#how-to-play)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- A classic Simon Says game with a digital twist.
- Randomly generated sequences to test your memory.
- Increasing difficulty as you progress through the game.
- Fun and interactive sound effects.
- Keep track of your high score.
- Easy-to-use interface for players of all ages.

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to get the Simon Says Game up and running on your local machine.

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your computer.

### Installation

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ShubhamPrakash26/simon-says-game.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd simon-says-game
   ```

3. Install the project dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## How to Play

1. Start the game by running:

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

2. Pay close attention to the sequence of colors and sounds Simon presents.

3. Click or tap the buttons to repeat the sequence in the correct order.

4. If you make a mistake, the game will end, and your score will be displayed.

5. Try to beat your high score and challenge your friends to see who has the best memory!

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the open-source community to make this game even better! If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository on GitHub.

2. Clone your forked repository to your local machine.

3. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:

   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```

4. Make your changes, commit them, and push them to your fork.

5. Create a pull request (PR) from your fork to the main repository.

6. Our team will review your PR and provide feedback or merge it if everything looks good.

Please ensure your code follows the coding standards and conventions used in the project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

---

Have fun playing Simon Says, and thank you for contributing to this project! If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please open an issue on GitHub.
